- [Kevin] These days,
users just expect innovative features in their applications
and they demand smooth experiences
between different systems.
So if you're a developer,
how do you meet those expectations
without five PhDs and working around the clock?
Hi, I'm Kevin Bowersox.
I've led the development of various Java applications
that use REST APIs to integrate systems
and deliver cutting edge capabilities
that excite their users.
As you advance as a developer,
you'll be asked to build these solutions too.
And knowing how to call an API is crucial.
This course is exciting
because we'll build an application
that mashes up artificial intelligence,
social media and text messaging
while you learn to call REST APIs.
By the end of the course,
you'll know the best strategies
for calling an API with Java
and you'll have a cutting edge application
that will amaze your friends.
I know AI, social media integration, text messaging,
those are bold claims for a single course but I deliver.
And I can show you how using APIs.
So join me on my LinkedIn learning course
to learn how APIs will help you
deliver better Java applications.